=head1 NAME

hpiel - An openhpi sample application that displays HPI event log entries. 

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpiel [-D nn] [-N host[:port]] [-C <cfgfile>] [-d] [-E entity-path] [-c -p -r -X -h ]
 hpiel [--domain=nn]  [--host=host[:port]] [--cfgfile=file] 
       [--del] [--entity-path="entitypath"] [--clear --resource --rdr --debug --help]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

hpiel searches the RPT (Resource Present Table) for resources with SAHPI_CAPABILITY_EVENT_LOG and displays event log entries for resources found.

If no domain is selected, hpiel uses a session with the default domain. The selected domain id must be configured via the openhpidclient.conf file specified in the environment.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-d>, B<--del>

Display domain event log entries

=item B<-c>, B<--clear>

Clear log before reading event log entries

=item B<-p>, B<--resource>

Pull resource info along with log entry

=item B<-r>, B<--rdr>

Pull RDR info along with log entry

=item B<-E> I<"epath">, B<--entity-path>=I<"epath">

Use entity path epath and display resource

=item B<-D> I<nn>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id I<nn>

=item B<-X>, B<--debug>

Display debug messages

=item B<-N> I<"host[:port]">, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.
If host contains ':' (for example IPv6 address) then enclose it in square brackets.
For example: I<"[::1]"> or I<"[::1]:4743">.

=item B<-C> I<"file">, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back

If neither B<-d> or B<-E> I<"epath"> are specified, event log entries will be shown
for all supporting resources by default.

=head1 HPI APIs uniquely used in this application 

=over 2

SaErrorT SAHPI_API saHpiEventLogInfoGet (
    SAHPI_IN  SaHpiSessionIdT     SessionId,
    SAHPI_IN  SaHpiResourceIdT    ResourceId,
    SAHPI_OUT SaHpiEventLogInfoT  *Info
);

SaErrorT SAHPI_API saHpiEventLogEntryGet (
    SAHPI_IN    SaHpiSessionIdT          SessionId,
    SAHPI_IN    SaHpiResourceIdT         ResourceId,
    SAHPI_IN    SaHpiEventLogEntryIdT    EntryId,
    SAHPI_OUT   SaHpiEventLogEntryIdT    *PrevEntryId,
    SAHPI_OUT   SaHpiEventLogEntryIdT    *NextEntryId,
    SAHPI_OUT   SaHpiEventLogEntryT      *EventLogEntry,
    SAHPI_INOUT SaHpiRdrT                *Rdr,
    SAHPI_INOUT SaHpiRptEntryT           *RptEntry
);

SaErrorT SAHPI_API saHpiEventLogClear (
    SAHPI_IN  SaHpiSessionIdT     SessionId,
    SAHPI_IN  SaHpiResourceIdT    ResourceId
);

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

         hpi_shell
         hpialarms      hpigensimdata  hpireset       hpitop
         hpidomain      hpiinv         hpisensor      hpitree
         hpievents      hpionIBMblade  hpisettime     hpiwdt
         hpifan         hpipower       hpithres       hpixml
         ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam


=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Peter D Phan (pdphan@users.sourceforge.net)
 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
 Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)

