=head1 NAME

hpiwdt -  This sample openhpi application reads and enables the watchdog timer. 

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpiwdt [-D nn] [-N host[:port]] [-C <cfgfile>] [-t sec] [-X] [-h]
 hpiwdt [--domain=nn] [--host=host[:port]] [--cfgfile=file]
        [--disable][--enable][--reset][--timeout n] [--debug] [--help]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

hpiwdt reads and enables the watchdog timer. 

If no domain or host is selected, hpiwdt uses the default domain as specified in the openhpiclient.conf file.


=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-e>, B<--enable>

Enables the watchdog timer

=item B<-d>, B<--disable>

Disables the watchdog timer

=item B<-r>, B<--reset>

Resets the watchdog timer

=item B<-t> I<sec>, B<--timeout>=I<sec>

Sets timeout to I<sec> seconds

=item B<-D> I<nn>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id I<nn>

=item B<-X>, B<--debug>

Display debug messages

=item B<-N> I<"host[:port]">, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.
If host contains ':' (for example IPv6 address) then enclose it in square brackets.
For example: I<"[::1]"> or I<"[::1]:4743">.

=item B<-C> I<"file">, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

         hpi_shell
         hpialarms      hpifan         hpipower       hpithres
         hpidomain      hpigensimdata  hpireset       hpitop
         hpiel          hpiiinv        hpisensor      hpitree
         hpievents      hpionIBMblade  hpisettime     hpixml
         ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam


=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Peter D Phan (pdphan@users.sourceforge.net)
 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
 Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)

