=head1 NAME


hpi_shell - An openhpi sample application that allows a user to interactively perform a number of HPI operations.

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpi_shell [-D nn] [-N host[:port]] [-C <cfgfile>] [-e] [-f <file>] [-X] [-h]
 hpi_shell [--domain=nn] [--host=host[:port]] [--cfgfile=file] [--events] [--cmdfile=filename] [--debug] [--help]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

hpi_shell reads commands and performs HPI operations based on those
commands.  This allows it to exercise HPI-managed hardware and do manual
operations on that hardware.

Once in hpi_shell, use the "help" command for a list of commands, or
"help command" for details on a particular command.

If no domain or host is selected, ohparam uses the default domain as specified in the openhpiclient.conf file.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

  -h, --help                   Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-f> I<filename>, B<--cmdfile>=I<filename>

Execute command file

=item B<-e>, B<--events>

Show short events, discover after subscribe

=item B<-D> I<nn>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id I<nn>

=item B<-X>, B<--debug>

Display debug messages

=item B<-N> I<"host[:port]">, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.
If host contains ':' (for example IPv6 address) then enclose it in square brackets.
For example: I<"[::1]"> or I<"[::1]:4743">.

=item B<-C> I<"file">, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

  hpialarms      hpifan         hpipower       hpithres       
  hpidomain      hpigensimdata  hpireset       hpitop         
  hpiel          hpiinv         hpisensor      hpitree        
  hpievents      hpionIBMblade  hpisettime     hpiwdt
  hpixml
  ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam


=head1 AUTHORS

Author(s) of this man page:

  Bryan Sutula (sutula@users.sourceforge.net)
  Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
  Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)

