=head1 NAME

hpigensimdata - A openhpi client application supplementing the dynamic simulator plugin.

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpigensimdata [-D nn] [-N host[:port]] [-C <cfgfile>] [-r res_id] [-f filename] [-m UPD|INIT] [-h]
 hpigensimdata [--domain=nn] [--host=host[:port]] [--cfgfile=file] 
               [--resource=res_id] [--file=filename] [--mode=UPD|INIT] [--help]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

hpigensimdata generates data for the dynamic simulator plugin by reading the current 
configuration. It will print all HPI information in a format that can be parsed by Dynamic
Simulator plugin. To spare some encoding/decoding function, values of enums are 
printed as int values instead of encode them to ASCII values and decode them afterwards.
Since this client is primarily for the Dynamic Simulator, the output functions don't
depend on the oh_.. - output function. Therefore they can be easily changed without 
influence on other clients.

Please refer to README and detailed documentation with the plugin.

If no domain or host is selected, ohparam uses the default domain as specified in the openhpiclient.conf file.

If no file name is specified, the data is displayed on console.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-r> I<res_id>, B<--resource>=I<res_id>

Select particular resource id for an update file

=item B<-f> I<filename>, B<--file>=I<filename>

Name of the file to be generated

=item B<-m> I<UPD|INIT>, B<--mode>=I<UPD|INIT>

Write update or initial file

=item B<-D> I<nn>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id I<nn>

=item B<-N> I<"host[:port]">, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.
If host contains ':' (for example IPv6 address) then enclose it in square brackets.
For example: I<"[::1]"> or I<"[::1]:4743">.

=item B<-C> I<"file">, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO
  
         hpi_shell
         hpialarms      hpifan         hpireset       hpitop
         hpidomain      hpiinv         hpisensor      hpitree
         hpiel          hpionIBMblade  hpisettime     hpiwdt
         hpievents      hpipower       hpithres       hpixml
         ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam


=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
 Lars Wetzel (larswetzel@users.sourceforge.net)
 Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)

