=head1 NAME

ohdomainlist - A openhpi sample application that shows information about domains on the
level of the openhpi base library.

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpidomain [-h -V -X]
 hpidomain [--help] [--verbose] [--debug]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

ohdomainlist displays the list of domains known to the openhpi base library.
In verbose mode, it displays more information about those domains.
Clients can only access domains known to the library.

Please note that ohdomainlist can only display the domains defined in the 
openhpiclient.conf file as specified in the OPENHPICLIEN_CONF environment 
variable.
Dynamic changes of the domain list done using the oHpiDomainAdd and oHpiDomainAddById
API are valid only for the life-time of the client library.

If no domain or host is selected, ohdomainlist lists the domains as specified in the openhpiclient.conf file.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-D>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id nn

=item B<-X>, B<--debug>

Display debug messages

=item B<-V>, B<--verbose>

Verbose mode

=item B<-N>, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon
at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and
OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.

=item B<-C>, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO
  
         hpi_shell
         hpialarms      hpifan         hpipower       hpithres
         hpidomain      hpigensimdata  hpireset       hpitop
         hpiel          hpiiinv        hpisensor      hpitree
         hpievents      hpionIBMblade  hpisettime     hpiwdt
         hpixml
         ohhandler      ohparam


=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
 Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)

