=head1 NAME

hpidomain - A openhpi sample application that shows information about domains.
It can also set the domain tag.

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpidomain [-D id] [-N host[:port]] [-C <cfgfile>] [-t tttt] [-V -X -h]
 hpidomain [--domain=id]  [--host=host[:port]] [--cfgfile=file] 
           [--tag=tttt] [--verbose] [--debug] [--help]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

hpidomain displays the domain info for the specified domain.
If no domain or host is selected, ohparam uses the default domain as specified in the openhpiclient.conf file.

In verbose mode, it walks the DRT and displays domaininfo for all directly related domains.
Option -t allows to change the domain tag.

(No Option) Display domain info

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-t> I<tttt>, B<--tag>=I<tttt>

Set domain tag to the specified string

=item B<-D> I<nn>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id I<nn>

=item B<-X>, B<--debug>

Display debug messages

=item B<-N> I<"host[:port]">, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.
If host contains ':' (for example IPv6 address) then enclose it in square brackets.
For example: I<"[::1]"> or I<"[::1]:4743">.

=item B<-C> I<"file">, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO
  
         hpi_shell
         hpialarms      hpigensimdata  hpireset       hpitop
         hpiel          hpiinv         hpisensor      hpitree
         hpievents      hpionIBMblade  hpisettime     hpiwdt
         hpifan         hpipower       hpithres       hpixml
         ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam



=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
 Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)

