=head1 NAME

hpiinv - An openhpi sample application that shows resources' inventory records. 

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpiinv [-D nn] [-N host[:port]] [-C <cfgfile>] [-V] [ -X] [-a tag] [-h]
 hpiinv [--domain=nn] [--host=host[:port]] [--cfgfile=file] [--verbose] [--debug] [--asset-tag=tag] [--help]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

hpiinv walks the RPT (Resource Present Table) looking for resources that have Inventory Capability.  It displays all inventory records found.  

If no domain is selected, hpiinv uses a session with the default domain. The selected domain id must be configured via the openhpidclient.conf file specified in the environment.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-a> I<tag>, B<--asset-tag>=I<tag>

Set the asset tag to the specified string

=item B<-D> I<nn>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id I<nn>

=item B<-X>, B<--debug>

Display debug messages

=item B<-V>, B<--verbose>

Verbose mode

=item B<-N> I<"host[:port]">, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.
If host contains ':' (for example IPv6 address) then enclose it in square brackets.
For example: I<"[::1]"> or I<"[::1]:4743">.

=item B<-C> I<"file">, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

For generic OpenHPI, there is *no* additional environment variable required.
For some devices; sahalee, mBMC; BMCONLY flag needs to be set for additional device characterization based on rdr.IdString.Data.

=head1 SEE ALSO

         hpi_shell
         hpialarms      hpifan         hpireset       hpitop
         hpidomain      hpigensimdata  hpisensor      hpitree
         hpiel          hpionIBMblade  hpisettime     hpiwdt
         hpievents      hpipower       hpithres       hpixml
         ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam


=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Peter D Phan (pdphan@users.sourceforge.net)
 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
 Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)

