=head1 NAME

hpionIBMblade - An openhpi sample application that shows how two (2) openhpi plugins can be used to display and manage resources of an IBM Blade with Basedboard Management Controller (BMC).

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpionIBMblade [-D nn] [-N host[:port]] [-C <cfgfile>] [ -X ] [ -h ]
 hpionIBMblade [--domain nn] [--host=host[:port]] [--cfgfile=file] [--debug] [--help]


=head1 DESCRIPTION

 hpionIBMblade shows how two (2) openhpi plugins can be used to display  
and manage resources of an IBM Blade with Basedboard Management Controller (BMC).
 
 Both the ipmi and snmp_bc plugin have the same IBM Blade target.  Resources from
both plugins are combined to show a complete view of the IBM Blade.  
   
 @@ WARNING @@ RESTRICTIONS @@ WARNING @@ RESTRICTIONS @@ WARNING @@ RESTRICTIONS @@
 
 This client application is designed to run **only** inband on an IBM Blade with Basedboard
Management Controller (BMC) 

If no domain or host is selected, hpionIBMblade uses the default domain as specified in the openhpiclient.conf file.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-D> I<nn>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id I<nn>

=item B<-X>, B<--debug>

Display debug messages

=item B<-N> I<"host[:port]">, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.
If host contains ':' (for example IPv6 address) then enclose it in square brackets.
For example: I<"[::1]"> or I<"[::1]:4743">.

=item B<-C> I<"file">, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back

=head1 SAMPLE CONFIGURATION FILE

    handler libipmi        {
        entity_root = "{SYSTEM_CHASSIS,2}"
        name = "smi"
        addr = 0
    }

    handler libsnmp_bc {
        host = "bc.mm.ip.address"
        version = "3"
        community = "bc_community"
        entity_root = "{SYSTEM_CHASSIS,1}"
        security_name = "myid"
        passphrase = "mypassword"
        security_level = "authNoPriv"
        auth_type = "MD5" 
    }


=head1 SEE ALSO

         hpi_shell
         hpialarms      hpifan         hpireset       hpitop
         hpidomain      hpigensimdata  hpisensor      hpitree
         hpiel          hpiiinv        hpisettime     hpiwdt
         hpievents      hpipower       hpithres       hpixml
         ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam


=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Peter D Phan (pdphan@users.sourceforge.net)
 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
 Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)

