=head1 NAME

hpireset - This sample openhpi application exercises HPI Reset Management APIs. 

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpireset [-D nn] [-N host[:port]] [-C <cfgfile>] [-r -w -h -X]
 hpireset [--domain nn] [--host=host[:port]] [--cfgfile=file] [--hard --warm --help --debug]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

hpireset searches the Resource Presence Table (RPT) for resources with Reset Capability. It sends the requested reset action to all resources with SAHPI_CAPABILITY_RESET.

If no domain is selected, hpireset uses a session with the default domain. The selected domain id must be configured via the openhpidclient.conf file specified in the environment.


=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-r>, B<--hard>

Hard resets the system

=item B<-w>, B<--warm>

Warm resets the system

=item B<-D> I<nn>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id I<nn>

=item B<-X>, B<--debug>

Display debug messages

=item B<-N> I<"host[:port]">, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.
If host contains ':' (for example IPv6 address) then enclose it in square brackets.
For example: I<"[::1]"> or I<"[::1]:4743">.

=item B<-C> I<"file">, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

         hpi_shell
         hpialarms      hpifan         hpipower       hpitop
         hpidomain      hpigensimdata  hpisensor      hpitree
         hpiel          hpiiinv        hpisettime     hpiwdt
         hpievents      hpionIBMblade  hpithres       hpixml
         ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam


=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Peter D Phan (pdphan@users.sourceforge.net)
 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
 Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)

