=head1 NAME

 hpisensor -  This sample openhpi application displays sensor info for all resources with Sensor Capability

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpisensor [-D nn] [-N host[:port]] [-C <cfgfile>] [-t -r -s -X -h] [-E epath]
 hpisensor [--domain=nn] [--host=host[:port]] [--cfgfile=file]
           [--threshold --range --eventstate --debug --help] [--entity-path="epath"]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

hpisensor displays sensor info for all resources with Sensor Capability.
Option -E (entity-path) restricts the output on the specified entity-path.

If no domain or host is selected, hpisensor uses the default domain as specified in the openhpiclient.conf file.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-t>, B<--threshold>

Show Thresholds also

=item B<-r>, B<--range>

Show Range values also

=item B<-s>, B<--eventstate>

Show EventState also

=item B<-E> I<"epath">, B<--entity-path>=I<"epath">

Use entity path I<epath>

=item B<-D> I<nn>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id I<nn>

=item B<-X>, B<--debug>

Display debug messages

=item B<-N> I<"host[:port]">, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.
If host contains ':' (for example IPv6 address) then enclose it in square brackets.
For example: I<"[::1]"> or I<"[::1]:4743">.

=item B<-C> I<"file">, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

         hpi_shell
         hpialarms      hpifan         hpipower       hpitop
         hpidomain      hpigensimdata  hpireset       hpitree
         hpiel          hpiiinv        hpisettime     hpiwdt
         hpievents      hpionIBMblade  hpithres       hpixml
         ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam
 

=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Peter D Phan (pdphan@users.sourceforge.net)
 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
 Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)

