=head1 NAME

hpxml - An openhpi sample application that displays system view in XML. 

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

 hpixml [-D nn] [-s] [-i -t ] [-N host[:port]] [-C=file] [-h]
 hpixml [--domain=nn] [--xsd] [--indent --text ] [--host=host[:port]] [--cfgfile=file] [--help]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

hpixml displays system view in XML.

If no domain or host is selected, hpixml uses the default domain as specified in the openhpiclient.conf file.


=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 Help Options:

=over 2

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show help options

=back

=head2 Application Options:

=over 2

=item B<-i>, B<--indent>

Use indentation

=item B<-t>, B<--text>

Use enum and flag text names instead of raw values

=item B<-s>, B<--xsd>

Show XML schema

=item B<-D> I<nn>, B<--domain>=I<nn>

Select domain id I<nn>

=item B<-N> I<"host[:port]">, B<--host>=I<"host[:port]">

Open session to the domain served by the daemon at the specified URL (host:port).
This option overrides the OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST and OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT environment variables.
If host contains ':' (for example IPv6 address) then enclose it in square brackets.
For example: I<"[::1]"> or I<"[::1]:4743">.

=item B<-C> I<"file">, B<--cfgfile>=I<"file">

Use passed file as client configuration file.
This option overrides the OPENHPICLIENT_CONF environment variable.

=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

         hpi_shell
         hpialarms      hpigensimdata  hpireset       hpitop
         hpidomain      hpiinv         hpisensor      hpitree
         hpievents      hpionIBMblade  hpisettime     hpiwdt
         hpifan         hpipower       hpithres
         ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam


=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Anton Pak (anton.pak@pigeonpoint.com)
 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)

