=head1 NAME

openhpi - an implementation of the SA Forum's Hardware Platform Interface

=head1 DESCRIPTION

OpenHPI is an implementation of the SA Forum's Hardware Platform
Interface, which provides a standard C library interface to manage,
monitor, and control hardware (both local and remote).

Starting with release 2.14.0 OpenHPI implements the HPI B.03.02 specification.

The OpenHPI client library (libopenhpi) provides all the connection
functionality needed by the client application to connect to the OpenHPI
daemon running on the local or remote server.

The OpenHPI daemon runs as a background process and executes the requests. 
It loads plugins to adapt to the different hardware types. The plugins can
be defined in the openhpi.conf file or can be loaded dynamically.


=head1 ENVIRONMENTAL VARIABLES

Some of OpenHPI's functioning can be changed by setting environment
variables.  This documents all client environmental settings.
Client environmental settings are evaluated in the openhpi library that is
linked to the client. There are other environmental settings for the
openhpi daemon.

=over 2

=item B<OPENHPICLIENT_CONF>="filename"

Location for the client's configuration file that specifies the HPI domains
and addresses of daemons serving the domains. If the variable is not set, 
OpenHPI will look for a file openhpiclient.conf in the directory specified 
during the build process (default /etc/openhpi).

=item B<OPENHPI_DAEMON_HOST>=URL

URL for the host running the daemon which the client wants to connect to. 
This can be an ip address or "localhost" (default) if the daemon is running 
on the same host as the client.
The variable is only used if no default domain is defined via the client conf 
file.

=item B<OPENHPI_DAEMON_PORT>=PORT_NUMBER

The port number used by the daemon which the client wants to connect to.
Default port is 4743.
The variable is only used if no default domain is defined via the client conf 
file.


=back

=head1 HARDWARE SUPPORT

OpenHPI provides a number of plugins that talk to different hardware
types.  The following is a list of plugins provided by the OpenHPI project.

=over 4

=item B<ipmidirect>

An IPMI plugin designed specifically for ATCA chassis.  It implements
IPMI commands directly in the plugin.

=item B<snmp_bc>

An SNMP based plugin that can communicate with IBM BladeCenter, as
well as IBM xSeries servers with RSA 1 adapters.

SNMP_BC plugin depends on net-snmp > 5.0.7.

=item B<ilo2_ribcl>

OpenHPI plugin supporting HP ProLiant Rack Mount Servers. This plug-in connects
to iLO2 on HP ProLiant Rack Mount Server using a SSL connection and exchanges
information via Remote Insight Board Command Language (RIBCL). 

=item B<oa_soap>

OpenHPI plug-in supporting HP BladeSystems c-Class. This plug-in connects
to the OA of a c-Class chassis using an SSL connection and manages the system
using an XML-encoded SOAP interface.

=item B<rtas>

Run-Time Abstraction Services (RTAS) plug-in

=item B<sysfs>

OpenHPI plugin that reads system information from sysfs.
(LM sensors and I2C devices exported in sysfs requires kernel 2.6 or >= 2.5.72)

=item B<watchdog>

Linux watchdog device interface

=back

The following plugins are provided to ease testing or support complex 
hardware architectures:

=over 4

=item B<simulator>

OpenHPI plugin that reports fakes hardware used for
testing the core library.

=item B<dynamic_simulator>

OpenHPI plugin that reports fakes hardware defined in the file
simulation.data used for testing the core library.

=item B<slave>

OpenHPI plug-in that allows to aggregate resources from different 
domains (slave domains) and to provide aggregated resources as part 
of the one domain (master domain).

=item B<test_agent>

OpenHPI plug-in for advanced testing.
Provides console for runtime configuration.

=back

=head1 OTHER DOCUMENTATION

The definitive guide to HPI is the SA Forum specification at
http://saforum.org.

More info on OpenHPI can be found at our webpage
(http://openhpi.org) and in inline documentation.

=head1 SEE ALSO

The following man pages may also be of interest

=over 1

=item B<openhpid>

The openhpi daemon, providing OpenHPI data as a system service.

=item B<OpenHPI client programs>

         hpialarms      hpigensimdata  hpireset       hpitop
         hpidomain      hpiinv         hpisensor      hpitree
         hpiel          hpionIBMblade  hpisettime     hpiwdt
         hpievents      hpipower       hpithres       hpixml
         ohdomainlist   ohhandler      ohparam
         hpi_shell

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

Authors of this man page:

 Sean Dague (http://dague.net/sean)
 Renier Morales (renier@openhpi.org)
 Ulrich Kleber (ulikleber@users.sourceforge.net)
 Anton Pak (avpak@users.sourceforge.net)


